>> [BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>> People are basically going
to keep on to help uncover what
really happened.
>> I felt like something
was watching me.
>> We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>> NARRATOR: And now, the host
of the nationally syndicated
"Coast to Coast AM" and Gaiam
TV bring you "Beyond Belief"
with George Noory.
[APPLAUSE]
>> GEORGE NOORY: Well, hello.
And welcome to "Beyond Belief."
You know, we have all prayed
at one time in our life.
We have all used intention
to try to get something done.
Our special guest
on "Beyond Belief"
tonight is the founder of
the White Light Express.
Please welcome Sarah Nash.
[APPLAUSE]
>> NOORY: Hi, Sarah.
>> SARAH NASH: Hi, how are you?
>> NOORY: Good to see you.
>> NASH: Good to see you.
>> NOORY: You too.
I thought I would see you
coming in a beam of light.
>> NASH: Well, we worked on
that back there, but, you know,
not enough time.
>> NOORY: What is the
White Light Express?
>> NASH: The White Light Express
is a healing endeavor that
my very best friend Avis
Latone and I came up with years
and years ago, when we were
going through a very difficult
time in our lives.
And we would say
to each other, I'll
pray for you if you pray for me.
And we had friends
that would hear that.
So they began asking us,
can pray for us, too?
>> NOORY: Sure
>> NASH: So what happened
was, this tipping point
of consciousness in our
community of friends.
And we decided to bring
it out to the internet.
This was back in 2001.
So we formed a little group.
And in the group,
we had a box car.
And was a box, it was
like a literal box.
And everybody would put
their hopes, dreams,
and desires in that box.
And we had one person a
week that we would focus on.
And things began happening
in people's lives,
healings started happening.
People who couldn't
find work were working.
People who were becoming--
>> NOORY: And somebody might
have put in, I need a new
career.
Or I need a-- so they would
drop it in there, right?
>> NASH: Well, essentially,
I would design a box car.
And being called the
White Light Express it
was like a literal train of
energy that started happening.
>> NOORY: Did you know
what was in the box?
>> NASH: Yes.
Yeah.
Initially.
Now when we have the
prayer requests line,
there's hundreds.
So we don't put them out
there, because a lot of them
are confidential.
And there's only two people
who actually read those prayer
requests.
And that's one of the
things that I wanted to say,
is that we never reveal
anything, any information.
I am an ordained minister.
And my sister is, too.
So it's really important for
us that if people-- and lately,
we've been getting some really
amazing requests, as far
as power and energy.
And some of these people
are getting really, really
desperate out there.
I've noticed there
seems to be an increase.
>> NOORY: It's growing.
>> NASH: It is growing.
>> NOORY: But I bet the
results are also astounding,
aren't they?
>> NASH: They are.
They are.
It's exciting.
I have a funny one that I
wanted to share with people.
And then I have a very
serious one, as well.
>> NOORY: You're not going
to make us cry, are you?
>> NASH: No.
No.
I might, though.
I don't want to.
>> NOORY: OK, what's
the funny one?
>> NASH: The funny one is, I
have this gentleman who he has
been sending us this
same prayer request.
He's a salesman.
>> NOORY: OK.
>> NASH: And he's been
sending us the same request.
He needs to sell
a certain amount.
And it has to happen--
>> NOORY: His quota, right?
>> NASH: Yes, his quota.
And it must be working,
because he asks us
every month for the same thing.
Every month.
And sometimes it's
a little more,
sometimes it's a little less.
>> NOORY: Well, can you be too
greedy when you do something
like that?
>> NASH: I don't think
you can be greedy enough.
I think you need to ask.
Ask, ask, ask, ask.
>> NOORY: Ask and it
shall be given, right?
>> NASH: And I got to tell you,
what happened, though, is that,
evidently his work environment
was-- it wasn't very healthy.
And he started,
at the beginning,
he would say can so
and so please leave.
Please get rid of this person
in my work environment.
>> NOORY: Oh, he was praying
for people to get fired?
>> NASH: Exactly.
I mean, it was just,
we were like, well, no.
Because the goal of
the White Light Express
Is to translate everything to
its highest possible power.
>> NOORY: It's positive, right?
>> NASH: Yes.
Exactly.
This is what happened though.
In this very last
healing request
that he sent us, he
said, and if possible,
can everybody in the
office get along?
>> NOORY: Well, that's not bad.
>> NASH: No, it was amazing.
It was absolutely amazing.
From, I need this person
to be out of the office,
and I need this
person to go away,
and I need for my boss to
quit harassing me, and yada.
It was can everybody
drop into their hearts?
Can everybody-- and so
it was amazing to watch
the exponential
growth of this man's
own personal consciousness.
>> NOORY: I thought for a moment
you were going to say he got
fired.
>> NASH: No.
>> NOORY: Because is does
backfire sometimes, doesn't it?
>> NASH: Well, I hope not.
I hope not.
>> NOORY: There was
a "Twilight Zone"
episode of a guy
who wanted wishes.
And the genie came and said, but
every which has a consequence.
And so he wished for power.
And the genie turned
him into Hitler.
So, I mean, it
ruined him, there.
He wished for money.
The genie turned him into a bank
robber, and he got arrested.
So do you find with prayer that
everything has a consequence?
Is there, OK, you're
going to get this,
but this could happen to you.
Does that happen?
>> NASH: Absolutely,
yes, it does.
And that's why I tell people
to be incredibly specific.
If you're asking for patience,
sometimes what happens
is you get involved
in a situation where
you have no choice
but to learn patience.
And you can find
yourself in a situation
with your child or
a loved one, where
you're sitting there going
a rising of irritation
with so and so.
And so you're kind of putting
yourself into a situation
where, if you don't
exude patience,
or if you don't
exhibit patience,
or if you don't have patience,
it will be thrust upon you.
So when we ask for
healing requests,
when we ask for-- if
you need a new job,
be specific about your job.
Be specific about what it
is that you're asking for.
Don't just ask for a
job, because somebody
will offer your job
as a dishwasher.
>> NOORY: Yeah, exactly.
>> NASH: And I mean, some people
enjoy becoming a dishwasher,
and that's OK.
>> NOORY: Sure.
>> NASH: But if you
have specific skills,
and if you know what it is
that you need, ask for that.
I have a very good friend who
needed a new refrigerator.
So she prayed for
a new refrigerator.
And by God, she got the
most amazing refrigerator.
And gosh darn it, that thing
would not fit in her house.
>> NOORY: See.
>> NASH: Yeah.
She's like, why do you have
this great refrigerator
on your porch?
And she's like, well, I
prayed for a refrigerator.
>> NOORY: She should
have measured.
Simple things.
>> NASH: Well, and
that's extreme.
Please, God, give
me a refrigerator.
>> NOORY: But prayer
and intention works.
I know on Fridays, on "Coast
to Coast" on the radio show,
we have a prayers list.
And people write in for
afflictions or things.
And I put them on a list
that is non-published,
just like you,
it's very private.
And then people on Fridays will
pray, generally, just pray.
And I get astounding
results from that.
It's weird.
You know, somebody
said, my cat is
going to be put down next week.
Can we please pray?
And the next week
the cat's alive
and lived another five years.
It's unbelievable
how this works.
>> NASH: I'm a little
jealous of you.
>> NOORY: Why?
>> NASH: Because you get
a lot more responses back.
I would very much like
people to respond.
I know it's working, because
a lot of the same people
will ask for healing
and manifestation.
And I have a little mantra.
I tell people, when you're
focusing on the White Light
Express to focus on
first your health,
and then love, and then
abundance, prosperity, and then
joy.
So it's a little five word
mantra that everybody can say.
It doesn't matter
what religion you are.
And I think it's very important
for people to not become
too wrapped up in
religious dogma
with regard, especially,
to the White Light Express.
We open it to everybody.
If you can focus,
just for a moment,
just a little bit of
white light on, just
towards the healing grid.
And we're going to talk a
little bit more about the grid,
because I'm excited
to tell you about it.
>> NOORY: I love
the healing grid.
>> NASH: Yeah.
A lot of people say,
well, how does it work?
I mean, if I'm just putting
out white light there, I mean,
doesn't it just go everywhere?
I mean, is there a
white light lasso?
Just this energy here is just
for the White Light Express.
That's very interesting,
when people ask me
about the laser-like
precision of sending out
white light to a specific
purpose, like world peace,
or ending hunger, or
health, or healing.
And how do we know
that it's working?
Well, we don't.
>> NOORY: What are we
tapping into, though, Sarah?
What is out there that
makes this happen?
It's easy to say, it's God.
But I think there's even
something more involved here.
What is it, in your opinion?
>> NASH: I think, OK, and I
have my woo-woo explanation,
and then I have my
scientific explanation.
I know you're familiar with
the work of Ingo Swann.
Ingo Swann.
>> NOORY: The late,
we just lost him.
>> NASH: Yes.
Yeah.
And he was phenomenal.
And I believe he ended
up working for the CIA.
I only have a little bit of--
>> NOORY: He worked for the
government in a remote viewing
project.
>> NASH: Exactly
>> NOORY: And brought some very
good remote viewers along with
him.
>> NASH: I think the White Light
Express is a little bit like
remote viewing.
I really believe that if
you focus your intention
on a specific subject,
or a specific item,
that that-- we know that
molecules will react
differently if they
are being watched.
>> NOORY: Is the one just
as strong as the many,
with intention or prayer?
>> NASH: I'm going to say, no.
I'm going to say no.
Because where two or
more are gathered,
there is extra energy.
I mean, if you're
just one person alone
in the middle of the desert,
and that's all you've got.
Then that's all you've got.
And you're going to
pray, I need water.
But if you can gather a group
of like-minded individuals,
and it doesn't have to
be a religious endeavor,
and you can focus on something
really positive happening,
then something really
positive is going to happen.
It's going to affect a change.
>> NOORY: Sure.
>> NASH: And I also believe
that that happens with negative
energy, as well.
A lot of people say,
well, if I come together
with a group of
people and they're
thinking really negative
thoughts, you know.
It's like going to
a football game,
you know, which side
does God believe in?
>> NOORY: Hopefully,
the good side.
>> NASH: Well, there you go.
And it's a little
bit like the Force.
>> NOORY: But you think
10 people acting together,
generally, will be able to
pull something off than one--
>> NASH: Yes.
>> NOORY: --in prayer.
>> NASH: I truly do.
>> NOORY: If they're all
praying for the same thing?
>> NASH: I truly do.
And I know that there have
been studies out there
about people who know that
they're being prayed for,
versus people who don't know
they're being prayed for.
We have a lot of
people ask us, if I've
got somebody who doesn't
really believe in this,
can I put them on
the healing grid?
And will they still be effected?
>> NOORY: Yeah, will it work?
>> NASH: Yes.
Yes. it will work.
However, I have
had better results
with people who were aware.
And I think this has to
do with consciousness.
I think this has
to do with, when
I know somebody
is focusing on me,
when I know that I'm
getting help and healing,
my experience is
going to be better
because I feel better
and more cared for.
>> NOORY: And they seem to help
it along, if they're believers,
aren't they?
>> NASH: Well, and I think,
as human beings, too-- I mean,
again, this goes into a
little bit more of the woo-woo
explanation.
But if the universe
is just holographic,
and we are just bits and
pieces of energy arranged
in a certain pattern,
light will affect us.
And that's the reason why it's
White Light, not Words of Joy,
or Words of Love.
It's White Light
because white light
is good across-- it's
good across the spectrum.
Everybody can focus white light.
>> NOORY: It's interesting,
when people die,
they say they see
this white light.
>> NASH: I did.
>> NOORY: So you never know.
We'll get into that in a second.
Let's take some questions
on intention and prayer
for Sarah Nash.
Who's got one?
Yes, way in the back.
>> AUDIENCE: I'm just curious,
the people that actually
contribute or pray, that
are intention, you know,
throwing intention out
there, is it anybody?
Like if I want to be one of
the people focusing energy.
Or is it just a certain group
within your organization
that does the intention?
>> NASH: We actually open
it up to for anybody.
If you want to go online, and
we have a Facebook page, where--
I know a lot of
people focus and pray,
but they don't want their
name associated with it.
And that's fine.
But if you want to know
who the other people are
who are focusing on
that month's grid,
then you can join up
with our Facebook page.
We have an event.
And they're listed throughout
the rest of the year.
And you can just say that
you're attending each one.
And did that answer
your question?
>> AUDIENCE: Yeah, I didn't
know if everybody could also be,
not just putting
in the requests,
but also being the people
helping with the intention,
as well.
>> NASH: That's
a great question.
Thank you, so much.
We actually have a group called
the Guardians of the Grid.
And that's on our Community, the
White Light Express Community.
And they're an interesting
group of people,
because the discussion
forums there, they actually
do a lot of prayer,
24/7, all the time.
Not just the seven days
that the grid is active.
So the Guardians
of the Grid, if you
want to become a Guardian
of the grid, absolutely.
Yes.
Sign up, do it.
Love you.
>> NOORY: Great.
Thank you.
Who's got another
question for Sarah, here?
Yes.
>> AUDIENCE: This is
a two-part question.
You indicated that you're
a minister of some sort.
Are you with any
particular denomination?
And the second part
of the question
is, how do you determine
what is white light,
and what is off gray
light, or green light?
In other words, something that
may, I may think is white,
may not be so white.
So how do you work with that?
What's you're defining
way of doing it?
>> NASH: That's an
excellent question.
First, I was, when I
was 18, I answered an ad
in the back of "Rolling
Stone Magazine"
and I became a
Universal Life minister.
>> NOORY: "Rolling
Stone Magazine?"
>> NASH: I actually have
somebody in the audience here
who can corroborate that.
>> NOORY: All right.
>> NASH: But, yeah.
I decided to leave
the Mormon Church.
I was raised as a
Latter Day Saint,
and I left the
Mormon Church, which
gave me an excellent
foundation, by the way.
But I left, because I believed
that the Holy Spirit belonged
to everybody.
I believed that
everybody should have
the Spirit of Light
with them all the time,
24/7, and that you didn't need
to be a part of a religion
to have the gift
of God's spirit.
And whether you
believe in God or not,
there's an energy involved with
the power of positive thinking.
So I left.
I became an ordained minister
in the Universal Life Church.
And then, four
years ago, I became
ordained as a Melchizedek
Priest in the Sanctuary
of the Beloved, which
is out of New York.
And Dan Chesbro is
the-- and all of this
is available for research, too.
But my goal was to become
a Melchizedek Priest.
And to have that
type of authority.
And this goes into a little
bit more of an esoteric--
>> NOORY: Sure.
>> NASH: But those who are
familiar with Melchizedek
in the Bible, and
what he brought,
the power and the authority
of the priesthood.
And meaning that he could
ask for the authority
of white light to happen.
>> NOORY: And his other
question, of course,
is what's the difference
between white light,
or light of a different
shade or color?
>> NASH: Excellent question.
And that also goes
into a little bit more
of the esoteric
research out there.
Leah Rose activates the third
ray of rose quartz light,
or rose light,
which then activates
the fourth ray of miracles.
Now white light is an
encompassing of all the colors.
And, I mean, that's pretty
much just scientific fact.
But when you blend all the full
spectrum of light together,
you're asking for all of the
light to be concentrated.
And it is pure.
So essentially, if you
have off-gray light,
then there's a purpose
for off-gray light.
And if you have
green light, there's
a pur-- I mean, that's why we
have red lights, green lights.
You know, they mean stop.
They mean go.
There's all different
practices associated
with the violet flame,
the emerald flame.
They have their own
specific healing purposes.
But white light
encompasses it all.
So if you want
manifestation of a miracle,
healing for your body,
healing for the heart,
healing for the soul, it--
>> NOORY: It's the
purest form of energy.
>> NASH: It is.
And it's sort of like throwing
it all into one pot and saying,
I want it all.
I want it all to happen.
So I know that there are of
like Wiccans, for example,
will light certain
candles green--
>> NOORY: And different
colors, that's right,
for different things.
>> NASH: Because certain
colors represent certain types
of manifestation needs.
But white light just
encompasses it all.
And that was ultimately the
goal of the White Light Express,
to bring it together and not
just focus on any one thing.
>> NOORY: Let's take
another question for Sarah.
Who's got one?
Yes, way in the back.
>> AUDIENCE: OK, can you
tell me something specific?
Like maybe an event or something
that happened in your life
that like validated
that this was
worth putting your energy into?
Or that this was actually
something that you believed in?
What was something that
stood out in your life?
>> NOORY: Something
happened to you.
So what was it?
>> NASH: When I
was 12 years old,
I had an operation on
my middle right ear.
And this ear is actually
just decoration.
But I was clinically dead
on the operating table.
I believe that, to the
best of my knowledge
and from the paperwork, they
gave me too much anesthesia.
>> NOORY: That happens.
>> NASH: I had to have--
here's the interesting thing.
I was laying on the
operating table,
and I was nude
from the waist up.
And, I mean, I didn't know
that, because I lifted out
of my body, and I was
looking at my body.
And I was thinking to
myself, why am I naked?
And I had this red solution
on the front of my body.
And I now know that it
was Betadine solution,
that they use that
to cleanse you.
And to--
>> NOORY: Disinfect you.
>> NASH: Yes, thank you.
And the side of my
face was peeled over.
It was horrific.
They had to--
>> NOORY: They slit
you and pulled it over?
>> NASH: Yeah.
I mean, I have this really
lovely scar here, behind me
ear.
But I was looking at my
body, and then I saw my face.
And I was just like, all
right, that ain't right.
I was a little panicked.
And then, there is a tunnel.
There truly is a tunnel.
And it was this massive vortex
of cobalt blue and black.
And it was spinning.
And I went directly into it.
And I was blasted out into
the middle of the universe.
And this amazing light--
>> NOORY: A white light.
>> NASH: A white light.
Brighter than any of the
lights in the studio,
and anything that I've ever
seen since, beckoned to me.
And it just exuded love.
>> NOORY: And that
was 12 years old?
>> NASH: I was 12 years old.
I had no preconceived notions.
I didn't even know
anything about any type
of near-death experiences
or out of body experiences.
I mean, I didn't-- now
I know so much about it,
because it happened to me.
And I, of course, studied it
for years and years and years.
And talk to other people who
have had identical experiences.
But I sincerely wanted
to go to that light.
It was the most incredible
healing, beautiful sense
of love and safety
and warmth and caring
that I've ever experienced.
>> NOORY: Did you
want to come back?
>> NASH: I did not
want to come back.
>> NOORY: Most don't want to.
They feel so much
bliss that they just
don't want to come back.
But when you did come back,
and you're 12 years old,
how did that change you?
How did that affect you
through your adult life?
>> NASH: I lost a lot of fear.
I indeed, I just--
I wasn't afraid
anymore of so many things.
And I had had such an
eclectic childhood.
And I wasn't afraid anymore.
There was this element of fear
that was gone from my reality.
And I wanted to share
that with other people,
so I began telling
as many people.
I mean, I started telling
the nurses and everybody.
And of course, you know,
they begin drilling me.
Well, how did you know this
and how did you know that?
And so there was proof there,
that at the very least,
I had had an out
of body experience.
So I wanted to
share that there was
something more and something
brilliant and something perfect
that we all had to
look forward to.
>> NOORY: Do you get
involved in meditation,
in order to get
into this state now?
>> NASH: Yes.
Absolutely.
I meditate every single day.
And whether it's for a half an
hour, an hour, or five minutes,
or a minute, there
isn't a day that
goes by that I'm not focused
in some sort of meditation,
where I just-- all I do, and
all you really have to do,
is just sit in gratitude
for just a moment.
>> NOORY: That's it?
>> NASH: That's
it, in my opinion.
>> NOORY: Well,
it works for you.
>> NASH: I think so.
>> NOORY: You told us about
the story of the individual who
kind of wished some
things at his office,
then he kind of changed.
>> NASH: Yeah, he's
my favorite guy.
>> NOORY: But you also mentioned
that there was a story that
probably didn't work
out right for somebody?
Or a little more tragic?
>> NASH: We have those.
>> NOORY: What happens?
>> NASH: We do have those.
You know, I really try to focus
on a lot of the successes.
But a really good question
is, well, you know,
Sarah, we focused white light.
We focused, and we
focused for weeks.
>> NOORY: And nothing happened?
>> NASH: And nothing happened.
And--
>> NOORY: Why?
>> NASH: Here's
what I want to say.
I want to say
something did happen.
The tipping point of
consciousness in your life,
you focused on healing,
and you believed
in something
outside of yourself.
So that, in and of
itself, is worthwhile.
That's very difficult
to say to somebody
who is in the process
of losing a loved one.
Or who has lost a loved one.
Or even just a
beloved pet which are
like children to some people.
>> NOORY: Well, how many
times do we hear stories,
how could God do this to me?
That doesn't happen.
It's not God's fault, is it?
>> NASH: No.
Not in my opinion.
It's definitely not God's fault.
The ball was put into action,
and choices have consequences.
And there's a phenomenal
movie out called
"Ink" that has a scene
about the synchronicity.
And I've never seen
anything like it out there.
And I don't know if we can
talk about movies or whatever?
>> NOORY: You can talk
about anything you want.
This is "Beyond Belief."
>> NASH: I know.
This movie is
beyond belief, too.
There's a scene
in this movie that
is just phenomenal about
the cause and effect.
And it's actually
everything that
leads up to a car accident.
And it's wild.
It's from the guy who drops
the flower on the corner,
to the woman who turns
around with her--
>> NOORY: To look at it.
>> NASH: It's just this--
>> NOORY: In slow motion, right?
>> NASH: Oh, it's amazing.
Yeah.
So we set these
things into action.
But here's what I
want to tell people.
Surround yourself with angels.
I know this gets a
little bit woo-woo.
And if you don't
believe in angels, fine.
Surround yourself
with positive energy.
We know that if we burn a
piece of sage, which we're
going to do here
in a little bit,
that it puts negative
ions in the air.
And there's a reason why
shamans of old would sit
and they would some
of the peace pipe,
or surround
themselves with smoke.
>> NOORY: Or drink
out of my Gaiam cup.
>> NASH: There you go.
>> NOORY: With
whatever is in here.
>> NASH: Cheers, I
can do that, too.
>> NOORY: That's right.
Now I know what Dean
Martin used to do.
>> NASH: But surrounding
yourself with positive energy
is, to me, the most important
thing that you can do.
Or you can ask your
angels to be with you.
And that involves believing in
something outside of yourself.
And I want to
cater to everybody.
I am one of those
weird people who
wants to please all of the
people all of the time.
>> NOORY: Sure.
And I'm sure you get upset if
it doesn't work all the time.
>> NASH: No.
>> NOORY: But it can't
work all the time.
>> NASH: I don't
I don't get upset.
>> NOORY: There are factors
out there that stop it.
For example, what
if somebody who
is asking for help and prayer
really is an evil person.
And they just haven't changed.
They haven't come around.
Is it going to work for them?
>> NASH: Define evil.
>> NOORY: Non-good.
>> NASH: Not good.
So we have an evil person
who is saying, help me.
We don't judge.
It's not for us to judge.
I mean, the light's going to go
where the light's going to go.
And if this evil person
needs help, and, you know,
I can't sit here and
make an assessment
when I'm reading off the
prayer requests in front
of the healing grid.
>> NOORY: Would you
pray for an evil person?
>> NASH: Absolutely, I would
>> NOORY: You would?
>> NASH: In fact, extra.
>> NOORY: They need
a little boost?
>> NASH: Yeah.
Maybe their little sponges need
to be opened up a little bit
more and allow a little bit
more of the healing energy in.
It's not for us to decide who
is evil and who is not evil.
I have my personal feelings
about certain things,
as we all do.
You know, that's
good, or that's bad.
And so we-- I try to
stay away from labels.
>> NOORY: Aren't there, though,
some evil people you would
prefer to stay away from?
>> NASH: Oh, yeah.
Absolutely.
>> NOORY: I think everybody
has had that experience.
>> NASH: Yeah.
>> NOORY: I call them
psychic vampires.
>> NASH: Ooh, energy
vampires, psychic vampires.
Yeah.
And you know, here's
the interesting thing.
In a group like the
White Light Express,
especially in our
activities online,
we have these people who come in
and they're attention grabbers.
You know, oh, look at me,
look at me, look at me.
I'm always, I need
energy, I need energy.
And I try not to feed into that.
I really, I just find
that that's draining.
>> NOORY: What's the
healing grid, Sarah?
What is that?
>> NASH: Thanks for asking.
I love our grid.
This is where it gets
a little bit odd.
But because we don't
have box cars anymore,
and I suppose we
could have a box car,
but I have a spot in my
home where I set up a little
alter space.
Now my sister and I,
my very good friend,
I call her my
sister, Avis and I,
we set up our healing
grid once a month.
And it actually has-- Leah Rose.
We call her Leah Rose.
She is a magnificent
rose quartz crystal skull
And she came to us by way
of a very phenomenal gift
from a friend in Port Townsend.
It was just, it's a long story.
But I decided, after my studies
with regard to the healing
rays, we know the
rose quartz, if you
want to get into metaphysics
and to that kind of thing,
we know that rose
quartz crystal activates
the third ray of
love, which activates
the fourth ray of miracles.
>> NOORY: In a form of energy?
>> NASH: In a form
of energy, yes.
And it transmutes energy.
Now I can say that your
computer has crystals in it.
And it helps with energy.
So this pretty much
works in the same way.
It's sort of an energy activator
for the White Light Express
grid.
Now people get a little weirded
out because it's a skull.
She's awesome.
>> NOORY: She's very cold.
>> NASH: Yeah, right now she is.
Sometimes she gets
really warm, too.
But she's sort of
our little battery.
And it's a focal point.
If nothing else,
it's a focal point.
So I was trained in Wicca, my
sister was trained in Wicca.
But this is, it's we're
all about the ritual.
When we do this, it's
about actually putting
maybe sacred alchemy, who knows?
But on each grid, we have
a little bit of fire.
We light a candle.
We have water and--
>> NOORY: That sounds
like witchcraft, Sarah.
>> NASH: I know.
>> NOORY: Is it?
>> NASH: No.
>> NOORY: All right.
What it is, it's we really
want to focus on Gaia's energy,
on earth energy.
So for us, and we
don't ask everybody
to do this, this
just what we do.
We have earth, air,
fire, and water.
And that helps us
focus on the earth.
And then we have
different items that we
use that we've collected
over the years.
But we always have a candle.
And we always did that
from the very beginning.
We lit a white candle, because
I would go to this Catholic
Church, nearby my home,
and I would light a candle,
and I would ask for healing.
And I like the idea of a candle,
and a seven day burning candle,
because it gives you
something to focus on.
You don't have to
do any of this.
I recommend it because
I like the ritual,
I like actually putting
to action your thoughts.
I like following through.
But that's part of from
right brain to left brain.
If you want to remember
something, you write it down.
So when you have the candle
burning in your home,
then you remember to take a
time out in that day and pray.
Now if you can't have a candle,
because sometimes it's just not
safe to do that, I tell people
to get little incense sticks.
>> NOORY: Sure.
And don't go to sleep with
a candle puffing away.
>> NASH: No.
>> NOORY: You know, when I
was a kid in Catholic school
and church, they would
have candles at the altar.
And people would come in
and light them, and then
pray for people.
But as a young boy, I
just never understood
why are they doing this?
Here's a church full of candles.
They're all lit.
And all these people
are there praying to it.
So it's got to have some
kind of meaning to them.
>> NASH: It's light.
Gratefulness.org has a
wonderful healing grotto online
that we link to with the
White Light Express, where
you can go light a virtual
candle for someone.
I think it's a focal point.
I really do.
And perhaps there is some sort
of sacred alchemy about it.
>> NOORY: Can I light this?
>> NASH: Yeah.
>> NOORY: A focal point.
>> NOORY: All right.
So you have this little candle.
There we go.
>> NASH: You can
drop that in there.
There.
>> NOORY: So what's it do?
>> NASH: Well, it's flame.
And it is light.
And it's alive.
And it feels good.
That's really important.
>> NOORY: It's pretty.
>> NASH: Yeah, and
it's very pretty.
Last night at dinner,
we were talking
about surrounding ourselves
with beautiful things.
One of the problems that I think
we face as humanity and society
today is that we
don't surround ourself
enough with beautiful things.
There's a lot of war.
There's a lot of
violence in video games.
And I think what we
really need to do
is start focusing on
the next generation.
The ones that they
call the Millennials.
And the Crystal kids
that are coming through,
because they're
really, really lost.
And they need direction.
And if they surrounded
themselves with beauty,
and if they had better music,
instead of-- and Dr. Emoto's
work is another classic example
of energy, of energy waves.
You know, if you
blast hard rock music
with explicit and
terrible lyrics at water,
then the crystals in the water--
>> NOORY: It looks that way.
>> NASH: It looks
chaotic and not healthy.
>> NOORY: Yet if you
play beautiful music,
and look at it,
it looks gorgeous.
>> NASH: Exactly.
>> NOORY: What a
great experiment.
>> NASH: And that's the
White Light Express.
Focus that positive intention.
Focus it.
And let's bring these
kids into it, too.
Now kids like ritual.
And I've got three adult
children of my own.
And if you have a
beginning and a middle
and an end, which is
another reason why
we have the grid,
what we call the grid,
it gives people
something to focus on.
And why seven days,
why not all the time?
Well, I'll tell you a secret,
it is all the time for me.
I have my White Light
Express grid constantly.
>> NOORY: When you pray,
who do you pray to?
>> NASH: I don't pray
to anyone specific.
I have my Heavenly Father.
I say a prayer to my Heavenly
Father and my Heavenly Mother,
and to the elementals
and the spirits.
And divinity and the
energy all around us.
Some people might
pray to Krishna.
pray, I mean, you know,
in Alcoholics Anonymous
they have your higher power
could be a doorknob.
But just have a higher power.
>> NOORY: Sure.
>> NASH: Yeah.
So the bottom line is, try
to have a higher power.
>> NOORY: Here's the big
question, through prayer,
through intent, is it the
individual who is changing
the action, or is there
something out there
in the cosmos that is doing it?
>> NASH: Both.
I believe both.
I believe strongly
that it's both.
But it's very difficult
to explain that
to somebody who is an atheist.
It's very difficult
to explain that
to somebody who's had an
incredibly difficult life.
And they feel as though
they're beaten down constantly.
>> NOORY: Right.
The odds are against
them, constantly.
>> NASH: They've lived the
constant life of Sisyphus.
Forever pushing that
ball up the hill.
Or maybe the life
Job, who knows?
But it's very difficult to step
into somebody's life and say,
you've got to keep going.
You've got to keep going.
But I do believe,
in my experience,
that if somebody is
out there caring enough
to say that to this person, then
this person has two choices.
They can be accepting
of that energy coming
at them, that love,
that positivity.
Or they can push it
away and maintain
an attitude of despair.
And for people like myself,
who counsel people constantly,
I have some people who
really just are not happy
unless they're unhappy.
>> NOORY: I know a
person like that,
who has the darkest cloud
over his head, constantly.
I mean, he'll walk into a room
and say something negative
about himself or something.
If he goes to a party, he'll
say no one's going to like me.
If he's applying for a job,
the first thing he says
is, I'm not going to get it.
I've never seen
anybody so negative
and have this black
cloud over their head.
And because of that,
he doesn't get the job.
Nobody likes him at the party.
I think he brings
this on himself.
>> NASH: I believe he does.
I truely do.
And I believe that,
if we get-- again,
there's that tipping
point in consciousness.
If we get enough people
who are out there
and who are promoting
this white light,
and who are promoting positive
energy, and it's visible
and people can see exponential
growth and this thing.
And that's why it's happening,
because it does work.
And more and more people
are getting involved.
I think that it's going to
be difficult for other people
to say, this isn't real,
because it is real.
Whether or not there's
divine angels working for us,
whether the energy is, in and
of itself, just part of a...
interstellar ESP matrix
that we can all tap into.
>> NOORY: Maybe it's got
its own intelligence.
You know, and it
hears your request
and just goes off and does it.
>> NASH: Little tiny
genies in the ethers.
>> NOORY: As long as it works.
>> NASH: Exactly, and it does
work over and over and over
again.
Again, when we think back to
those people who say, Sarah,
I prayed and prayed and
prayed and nothing happened.
I want to tell them,
something did happen.
You prayed.
You believed in something
bigger than yourself
and that energy went out there.
And of course you can't say that
to somebody who is suffering.
>> NOORY: No.
You can't.
Sarah, first of all, if people
want to get a hold of you,
or if they want to see more
of what you do with the White
Light Express, where do
they find you on Facebook?
How do they do this?
>> NASH: Oh, it's
whitelightexpress.com and .org
and .net.
>> NOORY: Simple enough.
>> NASH: We grabbed it all.
>> NOORY: And you're in the
new social media, I love it.
>> NASH: Oh, yeah.
Absolutely.
And we're on Twitter.
And we have a Ning
community online.
And we also have a
conference that we present
each year, the
White Light Express
Conference and Gathering.
And that is in August,
in Fort Worden.
>> NOORY: I'm going
to be at that for you.
>> NASH: Yes, you are.
I can't wait.
>> NOORY: White Light
Express is now twitting, huh?
>> NASH: It is.
Yeah.
Just sending out laser like
beams of love and light.
>> NOORY: Super.
Let's take some
questions for Sarah,
as we talk about the
prayer and intent.
And have you ever
used it in your life,
to get something done, or
to accomplish something?
Don't be shy.
Who's got one?
Yes.
>> AUDIENCE: When I was younger,
I used shamanic techniques
to try to gather power
in my life, like that.
And it was always
kind of hazardous,
because I was coming
from a point of view
where I wanted the power.
And I could act in the
world, once I had that.
And what I kind of
found happening was,
when you start to focus
on like the greater good,
or the best for
yourself, is also
what's best for other people.
And the universe can kind
of fill in a lot of the gaps
when you're not
sure what happiness
is supposed to look
like, or fulfillment.
If you could maybe expound
on that a little bit?
>> NOORY: And don't
you find that,
when you don't push something,
things tend to happen a little
quicker?
Or a little more in your behalf?
>> NASH: I think it
depends on the situation.
I really do.
It would be interesting to
have a conversation with people
who have used
Shamanic techniques.
And of course, like I
said, I studied witchcraft
for years and years, and
moved away from that.
I consider myself
a light worker now.
And there's all
these labels that we
like to put on each other.
>> NOORY: I don't see
witches as bad people.
>> NASH: No, neither do I. Some
of my very best friends are
witches.
It's a religion.
It's a beautiful religion.
But again, the
White Light Express
is not about any
particular religion.
It is strictly about
sending positive intention
for the tipping point
of human consciousness.
>> NOORY: Ongoing.
>> NASH: Ongoing.
>> NOORY: It's nice to know we
have a group out there doing
this, on our behalf.
>> NASH: Well, I'll
tell you something.
I get really
disgusted with a lot
of the religious
organizations out there
who use prayer as a
way to rope people in.
They have prayer request lines.
And I, of course, look at them,
because I'm interested in them.
This is my life.
This is what I do.
I'm very passionate about it.
So I will connect with them.
I'll call them up.
I'll, you know-- because, I want
to feel that spirit that I know
exists within me, that is,
I believe, the Holy Spirit.
And then they'll
say, yes, absolutely.
Let's pray for you.
And oh, by the way, let's
have your email address
so that we can send you
4,000 requests for money.
And you know, I'm not
trying to be a martyr.
I really don't.
Because I truly believe
in what I'm doing.
And this is part of my work.
But I don't ask
people for money.
I don't ask-- we don't
ask people for money.
If they want to
send in donations
to help with the web
site, that's fine.
But this is not about money.
This is not about a
money making endeavor.
This is not about-- this
isn't even my platform.
I mean, I have my own separate
thing that I do on the side.
But this isn't about me.
This isn't about you.
This isn't about any
one particular person.
It isn't about one God.
It is about raising the
consciousness of humanity
to promote healing,
and manifestation,
and conscious growth.
And the greed thing
behind-- I don't
think money is the
root of all evil.
I think--
>> NOORY: It's
pretty darn close.
>> NASH: I think the love of
money is at the root of all
evil-- greed, essentially.
And that isn't to say that
people who ask for-- you know,
fundraisers are fabulous.
Donations are fabulous.
But I am just so tired of, and
I haven't found-- I mean please,
somebody, if you have a group
that doesn't ask for money
or isn't part of a
religious platform
and you want to join up with us,
or you want us to join up you,
bring it on.
But I haven't found one yet.
>> NOORY: It's difficult.
Oh, by the way, don't forget
to drop $10 down on the table
before you leave.
With technology, Sarah,
let's flip the switch.
We'll go to our
"Beyond Belief" cam
and let's see what
the question is.
>> AUDIENCE: Hi, Sarah,
I'm Miranda from Oklahoma.
And I was wondering if the
concept of love, light,
and good intentions could
improve people's daily lives?
>> NOORY: Well, that's
an interesting question.
Can the power of love,
light improve things?
I think so.
>> NASH: Oh, absolutely.
Absolutely.
I mean, look at plants.
If you just take a
plant and, you know,
you've got a couple
of plants here,
and kids do it all the time
for science experiments.
I'm going to plant
this bean here.
I'm going to talk
to it every day.
And I'm going to plant this
other bean here and not
talk to it.
You know?
I mean, again, it's the
guy who's in the hospital.
If he knows that he's
being prayed for,
he's going to feel better.
>> NOORY: Of course.
>> NASH: As opposed to the guy
who wishes that somebody was
thinking about him.
And again, the
studies have shown
that sending out that
energy, just even
if you're standing in
the-- at the checkout
counter at the grocery store.
And you ask somebody,
and you genuinely say,
"Hi, how are you?"
And you really mean it, it
can change somebody's day.
>> NOORY: Or freak them out.
>> NASH: Not in Colorado.
>> NOORY: Hey, let me tell
you an interesting thing.
Back in Los Angeles,
I'm at the post office.
And they've got this line, where
they kind of herd us through
to get to the front.
And then one of three or
four open spots will call
and the first person goes
to the next postal person
until the next one opens up.
So people are waiting in line.
Well, I'm walking to get into
this area to get in line,
and, you know, I'm reading
this little letter I've got,
I'm going to mail.
And some lady cuts in
front of me, walking.
If she were driving,
I would have hit her.
OK?
So she walks in front of me
and I hit the back of her shoe
with my shoe.
I mean, that's how close
she cut in front of me.
No big deal on my part.
But she turns around and
goes, you stepped on me.
And I went, excuse me.
And so she walks in,
and she's waiting
to get called up
to the line there.
And I'm behind her, and
then she turns around goes,
you're too close.
I must have been two feet away.
There's somebody behind me.
There's not much room to go.
And I said, ma'am, are
we having a bad day?
And then she looked at me, and
she stopped for a few seconds
and then said, I'm OK, now.
And then she tried
to laugh about it.
But I have never been, in my
life, in a situation like that.
Where somebody was so
uptight about everything
that was happening.
What was wrong with this person?
They need white
light, lots of it.
>> NASH: Lots and
lots of white light.
And I suppose
somewhere in the South,
maybe some white lightning, too.
If they go that route.
>> NOORY: Just amazing.
Yeah.
>> NASH: But no.
I think the key was that
you were in the post office.
So--
>> NOORY: There's a lot
of strange energy there.
>> NASH: There really is.
>> NOORY: From the get go.
>> NASH: Yeah.
Here's what I know.
Is that, one of the
things that I would really
like to change about the
world is even just driving.
We've got these
rage-aholics out there,
that are driving on the road.
And God only knows
what their day is like.
But instead of
flipping somebody off.
It's like saying, you know, oh,
what a-- that guy was an idiot.
Did you see what that guy did?
I can't stand that!
>> NOORY: See, the
road rage begins--
>> NASH: We need
more white light.
>> NOORY: --from the bad driver
who may be a very unwitting
person, going on
their merry way.
But they may cut somebody off.
Or not signal.
Or I hate it when--
no I'm kidding.
But that's what happens.
The person who road rages
can't control their temper.
But it's the bad driver that
sets them off, all the time.
>> NASH: Well, who's
to say, there again,
there we go with it the,
that was a good person.
That was a bad person.
Maybe this person was just,
you know, forgot at that moment
to do the light switch.
>> NOORY: I agree.
>> NASH: Or God forbid,
they were texting.
>> NOORY: Well, you shouldn't
send texts and drive.
>> NASH: No, no.
>> NOORY: As a matter of
fact, a doctor in LA did that,
and he went over a cliff,
and he's dead because he was
sending text messages
will driving.
And put his head down,
and he went right over.
>> NASH: That's just, well, OK.
Yeah.
No, no amount of white
light can change that.
>> NOORY: That's not smart.
You don't do that.
But I see where
you're headed at,
that people are
upset constantly.
We're in an era,
right now, where
more people are uptight
than ever before.
>> NASH: Totally stressed out.
Completely and
utterly stressed out.
>> NOORY: So how can
they, like in the morning,
how can everybody in the morning
just try to put a little white
light around themselves?
>> NASH: I think just
focusing on white light.
Just saying white light.
I mean, I've been in a
number of situations.
And this is how, essentially,
the name White Light Express
happened.
But we were in a situation,
in Big Sur, in a truck.
And it was sliding backwards
in the middle of a storm.
And my sister leaned forward.
She was just like white light,
white light, white light.
And it was interesting, because
the truck kind of turned,
and we were able to
get some traction
and keep moving as the
road fell away behind us.
And I kind of looked at
her, and I said, well,
you know, that white light
stuff, it really works.
And she goes, oh,
you bet it does.
And that's how it started.
So I mean, if you
know that you're
going to have a really
stressful day at work,
or if, you know, you're
going to be in a situation,
even just if you're going to
the hospital for a procedure,
or whatever, send white
light to yourself.
Just surround yourself
in white light.
Bring down the light.
And imagine yourself
being in a cocoon
of beautiful white light.
That's all you have to do.
You don't have any-- you
don't have to do any ritual.
I do the ritual
because I enjoy it.
I like having a beginning,
a middle, and an end.
To me, it makes sense.
It's like reading a book.
>> NOORY: Now people
who don't know,
people who don't
understand this, I mean,
would they see what you do or
hear what you do and go, whoa!
White light?
>> NASH: All the time.
>> NOORY: What are we
talking about here?
>> NASH: Yeah.
No, that happens
all the time, which
is why I'm really, really
working, for the last 11 years
that I've been doing
this-- I've been doing it
11 years-- on my
elevator speech.
And I truly just can't
seem to dial it down
to just a few simple sentences.
>> NOORY: People won't
talk to you on an elevator.
They'll think you're crazy.
Go to New York and talk to
somebody on an elevator.
>> NASH: You want to know
what I do on elevators?
I turn to everybody
and I say, I bet
you're wondering why I've
gathered you here today.
And then I hand out
my business cards.
>> NOORY: And what do they do?
>> NASH: They laugh,
and it breaks the ice.
>> NOORY: I bet you don't
get some people who laugh.
I bet you get some people who
are a little angry about that.
>> NASH: I haven't
been to New York yet.
>> NOORY: Go there.
>> NASH: No.
>> NOORY: Hand out your
business cards on an elevator.
You'll see.
You'll have them stuck
all over your body
before the doors open.
>> NASH: Well, the
bottom line is,
is that I am incredibly
centered and focused.
And I'm fabulously psychic.
So I would know
whether or not I was
going to get plastered with
my business cards back at me.
Like, you know?
>> NOORY: Can you do a
little meditation prayer
for everybody?
>> NASH: I would love to.
I would absolutely love to.
>> NOORY: How do you do that?
What we do?
>> NASH: You can just
sit where you are.
Nobody has to stand up.
You don't have to
raise your hands,
unless you are
impressed to do that.
To me, every moment is church.
To me, God is present
in every moment.
When you take a walk outside,
or whatever you're doing,
there you are.
But basically, I think
it's very important to just
kind of center and
focus yourself.
And for some people, they don't
know how to center and focus.
They don't even know
what grounding is.
And so I say, just put your
feet together on the ground,
and put them side by side.
Kind of sit up.
Straighten up your
spine just a little bit.
Take a deep breath
in through your nose.
Out through your mouth.
And you can have your hands
however you're comfortable.
I always just like
to kind of put them,
I like to touch my
thumbs together, like so.
And I just like
to close my eyes.
And in order to
bring down the light,
I just say, Heavenly
Father, Heavenly Mother,
thank you for this opportunity
to express my gratitude to you.
Thank you for this
opportunity I have
to ask you to spread
white light around me,
and all the people that
I will be with today.
Follow around the
people in my life
that I love and the
people I have yet to meet.
Bless us all with safety,
health, abundance, love,
prosperity, and joy.
And we say these things in
the name of white light, amen.
>> NOORY: And then
you start your day.
>> NASH: I do.
>> NOORY: And it generally makes
it a better day for people?
>> NASH: It makes it a
heck of a great day for me.
>> NOORY: Now, can you say
just about anything you want?
>> NASH: I think so.
I think it's really
important to really
speak out loud your
desires and your wants.
>> NOORY: When you do that,
what are you connecting to?
>> NASH: You know, there's this
center inside of me that lives
right here in my heart.
And I can feel my heart expand.
And if you imagine the
Grinch, when at the very end,
everybody knows the story
of Dr. Seuss and "The Grinch
Who Stole Christmas."
Well, I can feel my heart
expand just a little bit more,
exponentially, each
time I do that.
And I would hope that I
would be able to carry
that energy with me
throughout the day.
And it's also sort of
like a-- and you know,
I'm not a big promoter
of guilt, either.
That's one of the reasons
why I left religion behind.
Because I don't think there's
anything between us and God.
And I don't believe that shame
should be a way of motivation.
But if I set my intention
at the beginning of the day,
I sort of have a goal with
myself to maintain that flow.
So I have to sort of
remind myself, oh, yeah.
I promised myself I was going
be a decent person today.
>> NOORY: Right.
>> NASH: And then other
people say, you know, Sarah,
you're so darn perky.
Sometimes I want to shoot you.
And I say, ah,
come on over here.
Let me show you how to do that.
>> NOORY: So when
people are praying,
exactly this consciousness,
what are they connecting into?
What are they tapping into?
>> NASH: I believe
it's a higher energy.
It's an energy source.
If you imagine the earth as
surrounded by a biosphere
of energy, of air
that we can breathe,
and then further out it's--
there are layers of energy that
create our reality.
And I believe that we can
tap into a cosmic flow.
And I know that there are
scientific measurements.
And for example, an EMF.
People talk about EMFs, and they
talk about microwaves and radio
waves.
>> NOORY: Constantly
bombarding us.
>> NASH: Constantly
Who's to say that your a prayer
request isn't part of that EMF?
>> NOORY: Well,
it's part of energy.
>> NASH: Indeed.
>> NOORY: It's got to
be connected somehow.
>> NASH: It has to be.
It has to be.
And you know, again,
I had somebody ask me
about the White
Light Express lasso.
How do I know that
my energy is going
to go where I am directing it?
Well, I believe that there's a
divine spark within each of us.
And we are transmitters of
huge focal points of power.
And I believe that
we can say, I would
like this energy to go here.
I would like this
energy to go here.
Psychics, clairvoyants,
mediums, they
are able to tap
into those lines.
It's like a cell phone.
>> NOORY: Well, I always like
to use the example, Sarah,
of a radio transmission.
You don't see the radio
waves, but they're there.
You don't hear the
radio transmission
until you have your
radio receiver.
And it's much like a person.
If they can pick this
up, if they can send it,
it's going to work for them.
>> NASH: Well, that's why I
believe in the White Light
Express grid.
So essentially, the
White Light Express grid
is the cell phone
receiving end of the radio
waves of positive
energy and healing needs
and manifestation
and transformation
requests that are going out.
I believe that all the
Guardians of the Grid,
it will get focused here.
And I can't prove it, but I can
prove how a cell phone works.
Now try explaining a
cell phone to somebody
in the medieval days.
>> NOORY: Right.
It wouldn't work.
>> NASH: No.
>> NOORY: Wouldn't work.
Or a submarine or
something like that.
>> NASH: I believe that this
next generation of children
will be able to tell us more
and be able to tap into it with
more frequency and with
better accuracy than we can.
As our understanding
of this type of science
really becomes more mainstream,
instead of, oh, that's
just a bunch of hodgepodge.
That's just a bunch
of hocus pocus.
I think that that great
big war out there,
between the light
and the dark, is
going to become--
it's going to end.
Because a single speck
of light can dispel
an entire universe of darkness.
>> NOORY: And that person
who surrounds themselves with
energy, you can feel it
from them, wherever they go.
You can tell when someone
walks into a room what kind
of energy level they have,
because they just give it off.
It's infectious.
>> NASH: You do.
>> NOORY: Well, I do, sometimes.
>> NASH: Yes.
I would say that you
definitely an agent of light.
>> NOORY: Well, but I'm a robot.
But it is so important to shed
yourself in that white light.
And until I had you on "Coast
to Coast" several months ago,
I understood it was there.
I just didn't understand
exactly what it was.
I do now.
And you were able to
allow me to do that.
>> NASH: That's fabulous.
That's incredible information.
>> NOORY: So good luck
with everything you do.
Keep the white light going
for all of us, if you would,
because I have a feeling
we're all going to need it.
>> NASH: It's my life's work.
>> NOORY: Ladies and
gentlemen, Sarah Nash.
Thanks, Sarah.
[APPLAUSE]
>> NOORY: She was 12 years
old, 12 years old when she had
the experience of
the white light.
And it changed her life.
And maybe it'll change yours.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[APPLAUSE]
[THEME MUSIC]